# Custom Event Communication

## Scope

This extension provides an alternative way to send confirmation emails for
CiviCRM Events. It creates an additional tab within CiviCRM Events that allows
you to define different message templates to be sent based on conditions (
including the participants status, role and preferred language). It will also
allow you to suppress CiviCRM's regular emails.

It aims at providing an easier way to adapt event confirmation mails than
editing the system workflow messages provided by CiviCRM.

![Screenshot](images/CiviCRM_Event_Communication.png)

The extension is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE.txt).

## Installation

This extension has not yet been published for installation via the web UI.

Sysadmins and developers can download the `.zip`
file [HERE](https://github.com/systopia/de.systopia.eventmessages/releases), and
unpack it in CiviCRM's extension folder.
The extension can then be enabled in the user interface.

## Configuration

After installing and activating the extension a new tab "Communication" will be
available in the event configuration UI. You can choose to disable all CiviEvent
confirmation mails for the event at hand which is recomendended for most use
cases.

Set your sender's cc, bcc and reply to addresses as desired and create at least
one message rule. Message rules will use regular CiviCRM message templates so
make sure to set up at least one template before defining rules.

If you tick the box "Execute All Matching Rules?" all matching rules will be
executed, and potentially multiple emails will be sent to the same person. If
this is disabled, the processing will stop after the first matching rule.

You should be able to use most contact token in the message templates. A list of
additional token can be found at `/civicrm/eventmessages/tokenlist`.

## Known Issues

This extension can send emails whenever an event registration is created or
updated, including regular CiviEvent registration forms. You will be able to use
many of CiviCRM's regular token as well as some special token provided by the
extension. However some token and other data that can be found in CiviCRM's
default confirmation mails wont work out of the box. This particularly affects
payment information for events with online payments and/or participant fees.

## Requirements

* PHP v7.0+
* CiviCRM 5.2.x
